## Benefits and outcome
It is not just about the individual. It is also about the environment the individual lives and learn in. This s especially true as we consider way to further support our student's health and counseling centers. But we also know that there are not nearly enough clinicians to adequately address the demand for clinical care on our campuses. And there never will be. But we are not powerless in what we can do to support our students health and wellbeing.

For as long as I can remember most of us have sought to address issues of college student health and wellbeing through 'pathogenic' lens. That is by student 'sickness' we can somehow come to understand and enhance health. A pathogenic approach defines health as the 'absence of disease'. It is a reasonable approach. By studying the sickness we tend to focus on 'challenges' we confront-think drugs, alcohol and yes mental health.

A health promoting approach, however, shifts the focus from 'the deficit' model of disease to the health potentials inherent in the social and institutional settings of everyday life through salutogenic approach. A salutogenic approach makes, 'specific resistance resource'  available to students thereby enabling a strengthened sense of coherence.

We must encourage faculty members and professional staff alike to work as member of a dynamic, interdisciplinary team rather than as isolated units. We must work together to synchronize efforts to support and empower students intellectual and psychological growth. We leverage "a traditional pathogenic focus on addressing health needs and problems with a salutogenic focus on harnessing a university's strength, assets and potentials. We will also need to consider a whole university approach to thoughtfully engage campus stakeholder, faculty, staff and students alike - in contributing to a campus environment that makes health everyone's shared responsibility
